#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
alembic==1.4.2
    # via apache-airflow
anyio==3.5.0
    # via httpcore
apache-airflow==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
apache-airflow-providers-ftp==2.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-http==2.0.2
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-imap==2.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-sqlite==2.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
apispec[yaml]==3.3.2
    # via flask-appbuilder
argcomplete==1.11.1
    # via apache-airflow
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.8.0
    # via flask-babel
blinker==1.4
    # via apache-airflow
cached-property==1.5.1
    # via apache-airflow
cachetools==4.1.1
    # via google-auth
cattrs==1.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
certifi==2020.4.5.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
    #   flask-appbuilder
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via apache-airflow
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   rich
colorlog==4.0.2
    # via apache-airflow
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
croniter==0.3.32
    # via apache-airflow
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via python3-openid
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-airflow
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via email-validator
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   python-daemon
email-validator==1.1.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-openid
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-appbuilder==3.4.4
    # via apache-airflow
flask-babel==1.0.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-caching==1.10.1
    # via apache-airflow
flask-jwt-extended==3.24.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-login==0.4.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-openid==1.2.5
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-sqlalchemy==2.4.3
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
google-api-core==1.21.0
    # via google-cloud-core
google-auth==1.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==1.3.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-resumable-media==0.5.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.52.0
    # via google-api-core
graphviz==0.14
    # via apache-airflow
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
h11==0.12.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==0.14.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.22.0
    # via apache-airflow
idna==2.9
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
importlib-metadata==1.7.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   argcomplete
    #   jsonschema
    #   sqlalchemy
inflection==0.5.1
    # via apache-airflow
iso8601==0.1.12
    # via apache-airflow
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==2.10.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   python-nvd3
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
lazy-object-proxy==1.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   python-daemon
mako==1.1.3
    # via alembic
markdown==2.6.11
    # via apache-airflow
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.14.1
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-oneofschema
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
marshmallow-oneofschema==3.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.23.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
natsort==7.0.1
    # via croniter
openapi-schema-validator==0.2.2
    # via openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
packaging==21.3
    # via apache-airflow
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via apache-airflow
prison==0.2.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
protobuf==3.12.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.7.0
    # via apache-airflow
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.6.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   rich
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-jwt-extended
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.16.0
    # via jsonschema
python-daemon==2.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   croniter
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   pendulum
python-dotenv==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
python-nvd3==0.15.0
    # via apache-airflow
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   python-nvd3
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-openid
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   flask-babel
    #   google-api-core
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apispec
    #   clickclick
    #   openapi-spec-validator
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   google-api-core
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
rich==11.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
rsa==4.6
    # via google-auth
setproctitle==1.1.10
    # via apache-airflow
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   jsonschema
    #   prison
    #   protobuf
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==1.4.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-jsonfield
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-jsonfield==1.0.0
    # via apache-airflow
sqlalchemy-utils==0.36.6
    # via flask-appbuilder
swagger-ui-bundle==0.0.9
    # via apache-airflow
tabulate==0.8.7
    # via apache-airflow
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via apache-airflow
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==3.7.4.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   apache-airflow
    #   rich
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via apache-airflow
urllib3==1.25.9
    # via requests
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
    #   flask-jwt-extended
wtforms==2.3.1
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-wtf
zipp==3.1.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
